1. **First** step make the pickled red onion – Finley slice the red onion into half moon slices, add to a glass and add the vinegar and fill with water until all the onions are submerged.
2. Slice the mushrooms into thin slices. Heat a non stick pan on high heat and add 1 tbsp of oil. Once hot add the mushrooms and the smoked paprika and mix well, leave to cook for 5 mins. Add the tamari and the maple syrup and mix well so that they are well spread. Taste and adjust the seasoning to you liking. Remove from the heat.
3. For the guacamole, remove the flesh of the avocado and slice into small cubes, quarter the cherry tomatoes and add in, and finely dice the red onion, squeeze in the lime and add the salt, black pepper and ground cumin. Using a fork bring together and mash to your desired texture, some like it smooth and others like it chunky. Taste and adjust the seasoning to your liking.
4. **For the refried beans, peel and finely dice the garlic cloves, drain and rinse the kidney beans, heat the same pan from the mushrooms and add 1/2 tsp of oil, once hot add the garlic, cumins seeds and beans and 2 tbsp of water and mix well ensuring to encorporate any of the sauce from the mushrooms. Finely dice the fresh coriander. Cook for 2-3 mins and add in the juice of the lime, the ground cumin, ground coriander, salt and black pepper and mix through. Use the back of the wooden spoon to mash the beans until it comes together. Add in the fresh chopped coriander and mix through, taste and adjust the seasoning to you liking.**
5. For the spicy mayo just add the mayo to a small bowl and mix in the chilli powder.6
6. To roll your buritto, add the mayo on the bottom, followed by the refried beans, guacamole, mushrooms and finish with some pickled red onions –
   _roll up and enjoy!_
